h1. Wordpress-Bootstrap

Wordpress-Bootstrap is an exercise to integrate Bootstrap UI into Wordpress. The Wordpress core, config and content is excluded. The parent theme (twentytwelve) and the children theme(s) are included, along with the wordpress-bootstrap-css plugin.

Source: "GitHub":https://github.com/nickbreslin/wordpress-bootstrap

h3. Nick Breslin

E-Mail: "nickbreslin@gmail.com":mailto:nickbreslin@gmail.com
Twitter: "@EtiquetteStudio":http://twitter.com/#!/EtiquetteStudio
Web Site: "nickbreslin.com":http://www.nickbreslin.com

h2. TwentyTwelve

* Directory Listing: http://wordpress.org/extend/themes/twentytwelve
* Licensed under GPL v2: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

h2. Wordpress Bootstrap CSS Plugin

* Directory Listing: http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/wordpress-bootstrap-css
* Contributors: dlgoodchild, paultgoodchild (worpit.com)

Requires at least: 3.2.0
Tested up to: 3.4.2
Stable tag: 2.2.1.2

h3. Bootstrap UI from Twitter

* http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/

h2. Releases & Changelog

h3. 2012.11.12 - v0.1.0

* Vanilla Twentytwelve Parent/Child
* Wordpress Bootstrap CSS Plugin

h2. Installation & Usage

The intended envrionment is a Ubuntu server running nginx, php-fpm and mysql, configured through ssh on a cloud service (amazon web services, for example).

h3. Install Wordpress

* Reference: http://codex.wordpress.org/Installing_WordPress#Step_1:_Download_and_Extract

<pre>wget http://wordpress.org/latest.tar.gz
tar -xzvf latest.tar.gz</pre>

h3. Config Nginx

* Set nginx to route to Wordpress folder.
* Set Wordpress owner as www-data so next step can complete.

h3. Config Wordpress

* You'll need mysql database name, address, username, and password.

h3. Install Theme

<pre>wget http://wordpress.org/extend/themes/download/twentytwelve.1.0.zip</pre>

Reference: http://codex.wordpress.org/Child_Themes

h3. Install Plugin

<pre>wget http://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/wordpress-bootstrap-css.latest-stable.zip
(msudo apt-get install unzip)
unzip wordpress-bootstrap-css.latest-stable.zip
</pre>